Enhance connection security level documentation (#1249)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/getting_started/connection_security_level.md

This option ensures the app only connect to a unencrypted URL (for example, `http://homeassistant.local:8123`) when you are currently on your specified home network. When you are not on the specified home network, the app will display a screen blocking access and describing the requirements to connect. This also means that background activity will be blocked until a secure connection can be established.

You can specify your Wi-Fi SSID (for example, "GrandmaHome5G") to be considered your home network.

> - On Android you can also set your VPN or Ethernet access as home network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Android you can also set using a VPN or Ethernet access as home network.
```

The toggle in Android is for "this connection uses _a_ VPN", not specifically "this connection uses _your_ VPN" as details about the VPN itself aren't exposed to apps.
